# Welcome to MWeb

What is MWeb? MWeb is a Pro Markdown writing, note taking and static blog generator App.

MWeb has two Mode, External Mode and Library Mode. 
In External Mode, you can edit classic text and markdown files from anywhere on your Mac. As an example, you can point MWeb to a folder on Dropbox. Shortcuts `CMD + E` or `View` - `Open External` to open External Mode.
Library Mode design for note taking and static blog/website generator. Shortcuts `CMD + L` or `View` - `Open Library` to open Library Mode. 
External Mode's folders and Library Mode are supported **Full Text Search**, drag & drop or paste to insert images.

## View Mode and Live Preview

For Minimal UI, MWeb's interface only has a few buttons. The right-top corner buttons shortcuts: `CMD + 7/8/9`. `CMD + 7` is Library Mode only. For enable Typewriter Scrolling, Dark Mode and switch panes, please check the `View` menu.

* Shortcut: `CMD + 1` to toggle Editor Only and Three Panes.
* Shortcut: `CMD + 2` to toggle Two Panes and Editor Only.
* Shortcut: `CMD + 3` to toggle Three Panes and Editor Only.
* Shortcut: `CMD + 4` to toggle Editor/Preview and Three Panes.
* Shortcut: `CMD + R` to toggle Editor and Live Preview.

**Note**: When `Preferences` - `General` - `Resize window when hide pane` is enable, shortcuts `CMD + 1/2/3/4` behavior will be changed. You can enable this option and try it. When the `Live Preview (CMD + R) open new window` is enable, shortcut `CMD + R` will open new window for Live Preview.

## More about MWeb

* MWeb used Github Flavored Markdown syntax, please open `Help` - `Markdown syntax` for detail.
* MWeb official website: <http://www.mweb.im>
* MWeb documents: `Help` - `Help...` or <http://www.mweb.im/help.html>.

## Help us to make MWeb better!

1. Tell your friends about MWeb.
2. Send a feedback: <coderforart+233@gmail.com>
3. Leave a review or at least a rating in Mac App Store.


